[Music]
hello youtube of hello dear lars
schecker i sit here says michaels
church in st
and we have this year
Christmas concert technically accompanied
and in this video you will learn what we are
have considered us and how we do this
everything built
[Music]
O
the first consideration was
On the one hand we have a choir and
orchestra illuminated from the front
On the other hand, we also have your notes
light
besides, we have a pleasant one
mood
placed in the whole church leds
and a system built around solos
and accepting speeches
At the back she wants to die
pa 64 10 millimeter leds built the
as flores up against ivan
bright on the front are left
and on the right three stable 36 x 3 each
watt led s that is the
bigger brother of the ten millimeter leds
behind the altar are again
14 millimeters of leds and also the
altar of a strength 36 x 3 watt led
illuminated from below
for the lighting of the choir and the
orchestra we have here at the pillars
two times five meters traverses
placed at these very high up
2 and 650 lamps left and right respectively
and below on a subject 456 know
which are attached to a room and
that is a topic of buhl tax in front
then we have left and right
two millennium non-tripods at this
There are four pairs of 56 around each
lights for lighting
that means from munich in the notes
illuminate and the lamps at the
Travers are meant for the faces
to light from the front
true here on the empore from there
let's just control the whole of the light
we control the ixs with the stamp
invader 24 20 we control everything via dmx
on
except the led which illuminates everyday life
this is in stand alone mode
set orange with the leds i have
already told you can the
create different moods
eg this mood and this mood
we would already use a concert
pleasant mood with orange and purple
Yes, but others can
disturbances like here a bit
big with this led green and blue
It looks really cool here
and explain the parking we put
Of course , over the desk
you do not see it here at all
lighting from the front
and here you can see the notes lighting
the lamps are always in two groups
split office always so there is one
room for these eight lamps in front and
like it is here we have a
channel for the almost ries and then
two pairs each know about the two
electro ssx 300 boxes and the 2d five
to control microphones
here we use the live mix reeser 16
2 and the microphones develop and have
We next turn our sidetrack you see
once here the radio receiver of the
first five that's a funk micro
other micros just a wired one
micro and still to see are a trip
a compressor a frequency divider and
an amplifier that sees me here
it's the 32 amp power distributor
because he is the conventional light
still needs a lot of electricity and so on
we just have more phases here and
possibilities
to supply the whole with electricity
[Music]
So that was this year's
video for the christmas concert at this
imagine I thank even my cameraman
always happy and down here you see
now even more videos once too
this little leds and yes a few more
other videos and our mixer to
Exactly this is here and there
video for lighting in theaters
lecture directly in our legs
every case before christmas good slip
and practice
[Music]